README.md, before:

This plugin generates for each player, a HUD that gives you the most important information about your Hero classes.

Also a new Feature wich work great without Adding anything in the COnfig is the Heroes Select GUI.
Simply type in chat "/hsg" and the GUI opens.
Support ups to 18 Different Class Buttons.
Support for Spezialclasses to only become a list from available classes for the MasteredClass.
    
    V1.5.1 - Changed Command from "/hsg" to "/cs" for ClassSelection.
    V1.5 - Version Release! Select GUI is DONE!
    	 - Bug fix for Spezialisation Page when you try to get a Profession Spec!
    	 - Some Code cleanup.
    V1.5b7 - Bug fix for "/hero prof" command!
    v1.5b6 - Work on GUI.
    	 - Changed position From Spezialisations Button.
    	 - Now you become always the correct Specs for the choosen class.
    V1.5b5 - Alot More feature on Prim and Prof Buttons!
    	 - Bug fixed wich happens if you dont have a Secound class and you try to push the button!
    V1.5b4 - More Work on the SelectGUI!
    	 - Now Primary Works and Profession Button works!
    V1.5b3 - Wuhu the Primary button works!
    V1.5b2 - New Background for GUI!
    V1.5b1 - Added work on new HeroesSelectGui
    	 - Open the new GUI with the command "/hsg"
    	 - This GUI is in Beta!
    V1.4 - Added work on Config!
    	 - For now you can choose the vertikal_x and horizontal_y in %.
    	 - Standard is X= 2% / Y=95%, which is at the upper left corner.
    	 - X counts from left to right!
    	 - Y counts from bottom to top!
    V1.3 - Changed to doesn't display decimals on the exp counter.
    V1.2 - Fixed Information on startup
    V1.1 - CraftBukkit 1.2.5 R5.0 Update
    V1.0 - Release

Commit message:

Changed Command to /csg again otherwise it crashes with WE

README.md, after:

This plugin generates for each player, a HUD that gives you the most important information about your Hero classes.

Also a new Feature wich work great without Adding anything in the COnfig is the Heroes Select GUI.
Simply type in chat "/hsg" and the GUI opens.
Support ups to 18 Different Class Buttons.
Support for Spezialclasses to only become a list from available classes for the MasteredClass.
    
    
    v1.5.2 - Changed Command to /csg...cs crashes with WorldEdit.
    V1.5.1 - Changed Command from "/hsg" to "/cs" for ClassSelection.
    V1.5 - Version Release! Select GUI is DONE!
    	 - Bug fix for Spezialisation Page when you try to get a Profession Spec!
    	 - Some Code cleanup.
    V1.5b7 - Bug fix for "/hero prof" command!
    v1.5b6 - Work on GUI.
    	 - Changed position From Spezialisations Button.
    	 - Now you become always the correct Specs for the choosen class.
    V1.5b5 - Alot More feature on Prim and Prof Buttons!
    	 - Bug fixed wich happens if you dont have a Secound class and you try to push the button!
    V1.5b4 - More Work on the SelectGUI!
    	 - Now Primary Works and Profession Button works!
    V1.5b3 - Wuhu the Primary button works!
    V1.5b2 - New Background for GUI!
    V1.5b1 - Added work on new HeroesSelectGui
    	 - Open the new GUI with the command "/hsg"
    	 - This GUI is in Beta!
    V1.4 - Added work on Config!
    	 - For now you can choose the vertikal_x and horizontal_y in %.
    	 - Standard is X= 2% / Y=95%, which is at the upper left corner.
    	 - X counts from left to right!
    	 - Y counts from bottom to top!
    V1.3 - Changed to doesn't display decimals on the exp counter.
    V1.2 - Fixed Information on startup
    V1.1 - CraftBukkit 1.2.5 R5.0 Update
    V1.0 - Release
